# Maddie, Hunter, Kat, Yizhen

#Note: First Visualization - "projects" Second Visualization - "mozilla.csv"

Our first visualization displays an interactive scatterplot chart showing patterns across different regions. We wanted to look at the average safety and privacy amoung these regions and compare them to one another using this scatterplot. Specifically, this shows the views on safety and privacy from these people and tells us on average how each country views these topics regarding the internet. We can see from this visualization and the different colors that security and privacy are closely linked. This may be becasue in recent years, the topic of security and privacy have come up a lot with more internet use. You may have to value one over the other to be content using the internet. This scatterplot not only helps us view each countires views on these topics, but helps us get a better feel about where the world is at as a whole. Within this visualization, you can hover over our data points and they will change color. This helps the user easily identify which data point belongs with which country. 

Our second visualization is an interactive bar chart looking at the features that are important in new products and their prices. We wanted to show which regions considered these factors important as consumers. Our interactivity of the bar chart makes it easier for the user to understand the big data set. Additionally, when hovering over a specific bar, the data will be highlighted, such as the price and feature score, as well as the country. This allows the user to better understand the data they want to see and helps them focus on what they are looking at. 

Our design process for this project was challenging at first but ended up paying off at the end. Our first visualization that we spent more of our time on was an interactive bar and pie chart. This ended up being really difficult for our group to accomplish and we realized we could better represent the data in simpler ways. We then thought of the idea of a simple color-coded scatter plot and bar chart. For the scatter plot, We created this scatterplot by first importing the D3 library and then setting up the bounds of the visualization. We then set up a SVG that gave us a canvas to draw on. We then looped through the data and converted the columns to numbers so we can limit our visualization to safety and privacy. The group then created variables that let us hold different columns that we would index into and create the variables. 

For the bar chart, once the file was imported, we pulled the data from the two columns regarding the price a consumer would pay when considering a new product as well as the features they would want. As shown in the graph, the numbers are indicating the importance of each of the columns. Each bar is color coded to a different country, the the ranking going from 1-10.

Yizhen and Kat took the head on making the scatterplot and went through to create the visualization. Yizhen made sure the scatterplot was interactive and ready to submit. Maddie and Hunter attempted to make the first failed visualization and then decided to move to make a different chart completely. Hunter took the lead on the bar chart visualization, coding the main data and making it interactive. Maddie wrote the write-up on the data. Both of our data plots run by pulling the data from a local file and pull from a local server that we learned about in lecture. 